Update muted HTML attribute description and examples (#44724)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/elements/audio/index.md

- `loop`
  - : A Boolean attribute: if specified, the audio player will automatically seek back to the start upon reaching the end of the audio.

- `muted`
  - : A Boolean attribute that indicates the default audio mute setting contained in the audio. If set, the audio will be initially silenced. Its default value is `false`, meaning the audio will be heard when the audio is played.

>     To disable audio muted, muted="false" will not work; the audio will muted if the attribute is there in the `<audio>` tag at all. To remove muted, the attribute needs to be removed altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To unmute, setting `muted="false"` will not work; the audio will be muted if the attribute is present at all. To unmute, the attribute must be removed entirely.
```

Author: Also made this a note to make it clearer
